# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via chex
aiobotocore==2.11.2
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   fsspec
    #   pyscenic
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anndata==0.10.3
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   bengrn
    #   cellxgene-census
    #   decoupler
    #   grnndata
    #   lamindb
    #   scanpy
    #   scdataloader
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
    #   somacore
    #   tiledbsoma
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.2.0
    # via httpcore
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   lamindb-setup
    #   wandb
arboreto==0.1.6
    # via
    #   bengrn
    #   pyscenic
array-api-compat==1.4.1
    # via anndata
asciitree==0.3.3
    # via zarr
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attridict==0.0.8
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   omnipath
    #   pyscenic
    #   somacore
    #   tiledbsoma
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via gget
bengrn==1.1.0
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
bio==1.6.2
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
biomart==0.9.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scdataloader
bionty==0.49.0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scdataloader
biopython==1.83
    # via bio
biothings-client==0.3.1
    # via mygene
bokeh==3.5.2
    # via dask
boltons==24.0.0
    # via pyscenic
botocore==1.34.34
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   lamindb-setup
cellxgene-census==1.10.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scdataloader
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==5.2.0
    # via pronto
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
chex==0.1.86
    # via scib-metrics
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   loompy
    #   rich-click
    #   wandb
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   pyscenic
colourmap==1.1.17
    # via d3graph
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
ctxcore==0.2.0
    # via
    #   bengrn
    #   pyscenic
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cytoolz==0.12.3
    # via
    #   ctxcore
    #   pyscenic
d3graph==2.5.0
    # via grnndata
dask==2024.8.2
    # via
    #   arboreto
    #   dask-expr
    #   distributed
    #   pyscenic
dask-expr==1.1.13
    # via
    #   bengrn
    #   dask
datazets==0.1.9
    # via d3graph
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
decoupler==1.5.0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   bengrn
    #   scdataloader
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via scib
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via postgrest
dill==0.3.8
    # via multiprocessing-on-dill
distributed==2024.8.2
    # via
    #   arboreto
    #   dask
    #   pyscenic
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via lamindb-setup
django==5.0.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   dj-database-url
    #   lamindb-setup
    #   scdataloader
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
docrep==0.3.2
    # via omnipath
docstring-parser==0.15
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
einops==0.7.0
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fair-esm==2.0.0
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
fasteners==0.19
    # via zarr
fastobo==0.12.3
    # via pronto
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   bionty
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   triton
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via matplotlib
frozendict==2.4.4
    # via
    #   ctxcore
    #   pyscenic
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lamindb
    #   lightning
    #   pyscenic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   s3fs
    #   torch
    #   universal-pathlib
gget==0.28.4
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.42
    # via wandb
gotrue==2.1.0
    # via
    #   lamindb-setup
    #   supabase
gprofiler-official==1.0.0
    # via bio
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via lamindb
grnndata==1.1.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   bengrn
gseapy==1.1.1
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   grnndata
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   loompy
    #   scanpy
    #   scib
hdbscan==0.8.38.post1
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
httpcore==0.17.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.24.1
    # via
    #   gotrue
    #   postgrest
    #   storage3
    #   supabase
    #   supafunc
huggingface-hub==0.20.3
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
igraph==0.11.4
    # via
    #   leidenalg
    #   louvain
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
importlib-metadata==8.4.0
    # via dask
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via typeshed-client
inflect==7.4.0
    # via omnipath
interlap==0.2.7
    # via pyscenic
ipykernel==6.29.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scdataloader
ipython==8.21.0
    # via
    #   gget
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   pyvis
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via gget
ismember==1.0.5
    # via d3graph
jax==0.4.31
    # via
    #   chex
    #   scib-metrics
jaxlib==0.4.31
    # via
    #   chex
    #   jax
    #   scib-metrics
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   d3graph
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   pyvis
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   scanpy
    #   scikit-learn
jsonargparse==4.27.5
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
jsonpickle==3.3.0
    # via pyvis
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lamin-cli==0.16.2
    # via lamindb
lamin-utils==0.13.4
    # via
    #   lamindb
    #   lamindb-setup
lamindb==0.76.3
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   bionty
    #   scdataloader
lamindb-setup==0.76.7
    # via lamindb
leidenalg==0.10.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   grnndata
    #   scdataloader
    #   scib
lightning==2.2.0.post0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scdataloader
lightning-utilities==0.10.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyscenic
    #   scib
lnschema-core==0.73.3
    # via
    #   lamindb
    #   lamindb-setup
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
loompy==3.0.7
    # via pyscenic
louvain==0.8.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   grnndata
lxml==5.1.0
    # via gget
lz4==4.3.3
    # via dask
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   d3graph
    #   jinja2
matplotlib==3.8.3
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   colourmap
    #   gget
    #   gseapy
    #   plottable
    #   powerlaw
    #   scanpy
    #   scdataloader
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via inflect
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   powerlaw
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via distributed
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocessing-on-dill==3.5.0a4
    # via pyscenic
mygene==3.2.2
    # via bio
mysql-connector-python==8.0.29
    # via gget
natsort==8.4.0
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   grnndata
    #   scanpy
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   d3graph
    #   grnndata
    #   pronto
    #   pyscenic
    #   python-louvain
    #   pyvis
    #   scanpy
    #   torch
numba==0.59.0
    # via
    #   ctxcore
    #   decoupler
    #   loompy
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyscenic
    #   scanpy
    #   scib
    #   somacore
    #   tiledbsoma
    #   umap-learn
numcodecs==0.13.0
    # via zarr
numexpr==2.10.1
    # via pyscenic
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   anndata
    #   arboreto
    #   bengrn
    #   biopython
    #   bokeh
    #   cellxgene-census
    #   chex
    #   colourmap
    #   contourpy
    #   ctxcore
    #   d3graph
    #   dask
    #   datazets
    #   gget
    #   grnndata
    #   gseapy
    #   h5py
    #   hdbscan
    #   ismember
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   lightning
    #   loompy
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   numba
    #   numcodecs
    #   numexpr
    #   numpy-groupies
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   plottable
    #   powerlaw
    #   pyarrow
    #   pyscenic
    #   python-louvain
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scanpy
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-misc
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   somacore
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorly
    #   tiledb
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
    #   umap-learn
    #   zarr
numpy-groupies==0.11.2
    # via loompy
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.19.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.3.101
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via hydra-core
omnipath==1.0.8
    # via bengrn
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via jax
owlready2==0.45
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   anndata
    #   bokeh
    #   d3graph
    #   dask
    #   deprecation
    #   distributed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   omnipath
    #   pooch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scanpy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tiledb
    #   torchmetrics
pandas==2.2.0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   anndata
    #   arboreto
    #   bengrn
    #   bio
    #   bokeh
    #   ctxcore
    #   d3graph
    #   dask
    #   dask-expr
    #   datazets
    #   gget
    #   gseapy
    #   lamindb
    #   omnipath
    #   plottable
    #   pyscenic
    #   scanpy
    #   scdataloader
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
    #   seaborn
    #   somacore
    #   statsmodels
    #   tiledbsoma
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
patsy==0.5.6
    # via
    #   scanpy
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
    #   plottable
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pooch
plottable==0.1.5
    # via scib-metrics
pooch==1.8.0
    # via bio
postgrest==0.13.2
    # via supabase
powerlaw==1.5
    # via grnndata
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
pronto==2.5.5
    # via bionty
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   mysql-connector-python
    #   wandb
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   lamindb-setup
    #   wandb
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via lamindb
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via
    #   ctxcore
    #   dask
    #   dask-expr
    #   lamindb
    #   somacore
    #   tiledbsoma
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via
    #   somacore
    #   tiledbsoma
pydantic==2.9.1
    # via
    #   gotrue
    #   postgrest
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.3
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.4.0
    # via lamindb-setup
pydot==2.0.0
    # via scib
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pynndescent==0.5.11
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scib-metrics
    #   umap-learn
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pydot
pyscenic==0.12.1
    # via bengrn
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jupyter-client
    #   lamindb
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pronto
    #   realtime
    #   storage3
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-louvain==0.16
    # via d3graph
pytorch-lightning==2.2.0.post0
    # via lightning
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyvis==0.3.2
    # via grnndata
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   bionty
    #   bokeh
    #   ctxcore
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jsonargparse
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   pyscenic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   wandb
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
rapidfuzz==3.6.1
    # via lamindb
realtime==1.0.2
    # via supabase
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   bio
    #   biomart
    #   bionty
    #   biothings-client
    #   cellxgene-census
    #   datazets
    #   gget
    #   gprofiler-official
    #   gseapy
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lamindb-setup
    #   omnipath
    #   pooch
    #   pyscenic
    #   torchdata
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
    #   wandb
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   rich-click
    #   scib-metrics
rich-click==1.7.3
    # via lamin-cli
s3fs==2024.2.0
    # via cellxgene-census
scanpy==1.9.8
    # via
    #   grnndata
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
    #   tiledbsoma
scdataloader==1.1.3
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
scib==1.1.5
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
scib-metrics==0.5.1
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   arboreto
    #   bengrn
    #   grnndata
    #   hdbscan
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyscenic
    #   scanpy
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
    #   umap-learn
scikit-misc==0.3.1
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scdataloader
    #   scib
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   anndata
    #   arboreto
    #   bengrn
    #   grnndata
    #   gseapy
    #   hdbscan
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   lamindb
    #   loompy
    #   powerlaw
    #   pynndescent
    #   pyscenic
    #   scanpy
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   somacore
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorly
    #   tiledbsoma
    #   umap-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   bengrn
    #   scanpy
    #   scdataloader
    #   scib
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via torchtext
sentry-sdk==1.40.4
    # via wandb
session-info==1.0.0
    # via scanpy
setproctitle==1.3.3
    # via wandb
setuptools==74.1.2
    # via
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   loompy
    #   pyscenic
    #   wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   docrep
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   torchtext
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
somacore==1.0.8
    # via tiledbsoma
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.1
    # via scanpy
stdlib-list==0.10.0
    # via session-info
storage3==0.7.0
    # via supabase
strenum==0.4.15
    # via postgrest
supabase==2.2.1
    # via lamindb-setup
supafunc==0.3.3
    # via supabase
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
tensorly==0.8.1
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
texttable==1.7.0
    # via igraph
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiledb==0.25.0
    # via tiledbsoma
tiledbsoma==1.7.3
    # via cellxgene-census
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   chex
    #   cytoolz
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
torch==2.2.0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scdataloader
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchdata
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.2.0
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
torchdata==0.8.0
    # via
    #   scprint (pyproject.toml)
    #   scdataloader
torchmetrics==1.3.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchtext==0.6.0
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
torchvision==0.17.0
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   bio
    #   ctxcore
    #   decoupler
    #   gget
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   omnipath
    #   pyscenic
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scanpy
    #   scib-metrics
    #   torchtext
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
triton==2.2.0
    # via torch
typeguard==4.2.0
    # via inflect
typeshed-client==2.4.0
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   cellxgene-census
    #   chex
    #   decoupler
    #   dj-database-url
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lamindb
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   omnipath
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   realtime
    #   rich-click
    #   somacore
    #   storage3
    #   tiledbsoma
    #   torch
    #   typeguard
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
umap-learn==0.5.5
    # via
    #   pyscenic
    #   scanpy
    #   scib
    #   scib-metrics
universal-pathlib==0.2.2
    # via lamindb-setup
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   omnipath
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   torchdata
wandb==0.16.3
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
wandb-core==0.17.0b11
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==11.0.3
    # via realtime
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecated
    #   omnipath
xyzservices==2024.9.0
    # via bokeh
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zarr==2.18.3
    # via scprint (pyproject.toml)
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.20.1
    # via importlib-metadata
